This is one of the most valuable chests
in my 13-year-old super flat survival
world, my ink sack stash. I collected
these back when squids could spawn in
any biome. I had some nether portals
with a water elevator that I made to get
up and down, but it ended up spawning
squids and instantly sending them to the
Nether.
But then in 2018, they made it so squid
could only spawn in rivers and oceans,
making them extinct in my world. Now,
the only way to get ink sacks is by
fishing them up, and it's a one in a,000
chance to get 10 of them. I only ever
use these ink sacks for book and quills,
which I need a lot of if I'm ever going
to fill up my library with readable
books. So, every time I need black dye,
I have to go on a chicken murder rampage
in order to get wither flowers. It takes
ages, and their desperate clucks echo
throughout my nightmares. But in the
end, it's all worth it